Room 1:
    You enter an ornately decorated chamber that is dimly lit by the glowing embers of a fire.
    It contains a chess set on a table.
    Those who search may find a simple robe of plain black muslin.

Room 2:
    You enter an unremarkable chamber that is completely dark.
    It contains the faint tinkling of bells, as well as chains and shackles along the walls.

Room 3:
    You enter an unremarkable chamber that is brightly lit by an ornate candle chandelier.
    It contains a beautiful altar to a benevolent god.
    Those who search may find a small decorative statuette.

Room 4:
    You come across a little boy with dark, short hair, perhaps 5 years old, wandering alone in a musty chamber that is dimly lit by the glowing embers of a fire.
    It contains a chess set on a table, as well as a curious geometric pattern painted on the floor, and a reflective pool.

Room 5:
    You enter a rather smelly chamber that is dimly lit by the glowing embers of a fire.
    It contains ghostly music, as well as a chess set on a table.
    Those who search may find a small wineskin.

Room 6:
    You come across a goblin supply wagon in a curiously warm chamber that is brightly lit by floating orbs of energy.
    It contains a well-stocked wet bar.
    The room is trapped with a gauntlet of poisoned darts.

Room 7:
    You come across a quartet of ogres playing kick-the-gnome in a pristine chamber that is dimly lit by a few candles.
    It contains a large, ornately carved wooden chair.

Room 8:
    You come across a gnomish merchant in an echoing chamber that is dimly lit by eerie glowing orbs.
    It contains a hideous altar to an evil god.

Room 9:
    You enter a stuffy chamber that is dimly lit by a few candles.
    It contains an alchemist's table.
    Those who search may find an elegant dress of fine silk.

Room 10:
    You come across a lizardman philospher in a dusty chamber that is brightly lit by clever skylights.
    It contains a reflective pool, as well as a large but threadbare rug.
    The room is trapped with jets of fire.

Room 11:
    You enter a filthy chamber that is brightly lit by torches.
    It contains a beautiful altar to a benevolent god.
    Those who search may find a large barrel of ale.

Room 12:
    You enter an ornately decorated chamber that is dimly lit by countless tiny, glowing worms.
    It contains a set of drawers with a vanity mirror, as well as a pool of viscous liquid on the floor.

Room 13:
    You come across a giant snake in a stiflingly warm chamber that is lit by fire from down below.
    It contains a jumble of boxes and barrels.

Room 14:
    You enter a stuffy chamber that is dimly lit by torches.
    It contains a large, lavish rug, as well as a curious geometric pattern painted on the floor.
    The room is trapped with a ceiling that slowly descends when triggered.

Room 15:
    You enter a pristine chamber that is brightly lit by clever skylights.
    It contains a beautiful altar to a benevolent god.
    The room is trapped with an uncomfortably close spiked ceiling.

Room 16:
    You enter a dusty chamber that is brightly lit by a small camp fire.
    It contains a large, decorated stone chair.

Room 17:
    You come across skeleton warriors in a slightly chilly chamber that is lit by fire from down below.
    It contains a large pile of hay.
    The room is trapped with a barrage of magic missiles.

Room 18:
    You come across rival adventurers in a filthy chamber that is brightly lit by torches.
    It contains the faint tinkling of bells, as well as ghostly music.
